Updated phone authentication MFA options (#88115)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/phone-authentication-user-flows.md

1. Under **Social identity providers**, select any other identity providers you want to allow for this user flow.

   > [!NOTE]

>    > [Multi-factor authentication (MFA)](multi-factor-authentication.md) is disabled by default for sign-up user flows. You can enable MFA for a phone sign-up user flow, but because a phone number is used as the primary identifier, email one-time passcode or authenticator app (TOTP) are the only options available for the second authentication factor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > [Multi-factor authentication (MFA)](multi-factor-authentication.md) is disabled by default for sign-up user flows. You can enable MFA for a phone sign-up user flow, but because a phone number is used as the primary identifier, email one-time passcode and Authenticator app - TOTP (preview) are the only options available for the second authentication factor.
```
